# Zetrix

Zetrix, an interoperable, decentralised, blockchain-based, public software platform that facilitates Smart Contracts and delivers privacy, security and scalability. The cryptographic infrastructure in Zetrix can be introduced in multiple industries as it creates a more transparent, secure and efficient process – for entrepreneurs, investors, global organisations and governments. One of the benefits of blockchain technology is that reduces friction and facilitates communication between participants in business processes, primarily in the supply chain. Blockchain-enable business processes are increasingly gaining traction in part because the technology is assisting streamline various operations.

Businesses from multiple industries, such as financial services, healthcare and agriculture, are beginning to leverage blockchain technology as it guarantees to enhance operational efficiency and transparency. Success cases on the use of blockchain from both big and small businesses justify the need of adopting blockchain technology as soon as possible.

Moreover, tech giants are increasingly investing in blockchain given the technologies’ potential in enhancing operational efficiency. Increased investments have essentially given rise to the blockchain as a service. For instance, Amazon has already unveiled blockchain templates as part of the blockchain as a service that allows Amazon Web Service users working on blockchain to set up hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum networks much faster. The templates also make it easy for people to deploy blockchain networks with ease.

Integration of short-term and long-term blockchain business strategies on the initial strategy is essential. Finding a way of integrating the two is a sure way of enjoying the full benefits of the ledger technology. For example, a pharmaceutical company can use technology, in the short term, to reduce product loss as well as shipping time, therefore, increasing success rates.

It is becoming increasingly clear the need to understand various blockchain business strategies for greater success in different business environments. Zetrix is ready to offer standard and professional services to clients from a spectrum of businesses, while it demonstrates a commitment to sustainability by actively participating in our communities and integrating sustainable business practices. It is no longer a question of whether the technology will work—it does work. The question now is how each industry will tailor blockchain adoption to meet its needs.
