# Terms of Use

By accessing and/or accepting possession or communication of all or any part of the White Paper, you agree to be bound by these terms:

1. This White Paper is furnished to the reader solely for informational purpose as a prospective purchaser of ZETRIX Coins and shall not be used for any other purpose without the express and written permission of Zetrix, the Issuer of the ZETRIX Coins. All readers agree that they will use this White Paper for the sole purpose of evaluating a possible purchase of ZETRIX Coins, and acknowledge and agree that this White Paper is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all information a prospective ZETRIX purchaser may require in order to form a purchase decision.
2. This White Paper is provided on an “as is” basis without any binding effect and warranties by Zetrix of any kind, either expressed or implied. You assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of the White Paper and subscription of any amount of the digital assets and their use. The contents of the Zetrix website do not form part of this White Paper, unless explicitly mentioned otherwise.
3. The publication of this White Paper does not imply that the information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of this White Paper. The contents of this White Paper, and information, including information concerning the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may change after the date of this White Paper. Neither the publication of this White Paper nor any sale of ZETRIX Coins hereunder shall, under any circumstances, imply that there have been no changes in the Issuer’s affairs after the date of the White Paper. The publication, distribution or dissemination of the White Paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
4. No person has been authorised in connection with this offering to give any information or make any representations other than as contained in this White Paper. Any representation or information not contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of its directors, officers, employees, managers, affiliates, or agents. While such information is made reliable for the purpose herein, none of the Issuer nor any of its directors, officers, employees, managers, affiliates or agents assumes any responsibility for the accuracy of such information. The Issuer does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in the White Paper.
5. Any reproduction or distribution of this White Paper or retransmission of their contents in whole or in part to any person other than a prospective ZETRIX purchaser’s professional adviser, without the consent of the Zetrix, is prohibited.
6. The Issuer at its sole discretion may from time to time, amend this White Paper whenever it deems desirable, notwithstanding that such amendment may be defective or inconsistent with any provisions herein. In such event, the amended version of this White Paper shall supersede the respective document to the extent thereof.
7.  Prospective purchasers of ZETRIX Coins are urged to obtain independent professional advice regarding the:

    a) Legal requirements of the country of residence, for the purchase, transfer, holding and disposal of ZETRIX Coins; \
    b) Foreign exchange and tax considerations related to the purchase, transfer, holding and disposal of ZETRIX Coins; \
    c) Suitability of purchasing ZETRIX Coins which are only suited for qualified investors, financially sophisticated investors, and high net worth individuals or entities who are able to evaluate the merits and risks of such purchase and have sufficient resources to bear any losses which may result from the said purchase.
8. Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer reserves the right to refuse to accept the offer of any prospective ZETRIX purchaser to purchase any ZETRIX Coins for any reason or no reason.
9. The subscription of digital assets cannot be refunded or exchanged, unless otherwise stated in the White Paper. The digital assets do not entitle you to any equity, corporate governance, dividends, voting or similar right or entitlement in Zetrix or in any of its affiliated companies.
10. If any provision or part-provision of this “Important Notices” section is or becomes invalid or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the provision or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision under this “Important Notices” section shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this “Important Notices” section.
