# Standard Term Sheet

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="158"></th><th width="199"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Promoter Information</strong></td><td>Legal Issuer</td><td>Zetrix Limited. incorporated in the British Virgin Island (Company No. 2094142)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Business Objective</td><td>To make enterprise blockchain solutions accessible to small, medium and large scale industries, within the RCEP bloc and beyond.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Product Suitability</td><td>Institutional, HNWI, HNWE, accredited/sophisticated persons from non-sanctioned and non-restricted countries; subject to AML-CFT screening.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reference Asset</td><td>Proprietary Zetrix Blockchain</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Target Subscribers</td><td><ul><li>The offer or invitation to subscribe is addressed to an identifiable category of persons to whom it is directly communicated, and inter alia, they are in possession of sufficient information to be able to make a reasonable evaluation.</li><li>Strictly not offered or solicited in the United States of America and People’s Republic of China.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Promotion Objective</td><td><ul><li>To place out native coins (ZETRIX) to finance long term network development and community building. </li><li>The targeted raise amount is not in excess of what is needed to establish a functional global network.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Technical Information</strong></td><td>Blockchain Network</td><td><p>Zetrix Blockchain is the proprietary network of Zetrix that runs on DPoS and pBFT consensus.</p><p></p><p>ZETRIX Coins are native to Zetrix.</p><p></p><p>wZTX and bZTX tokens are ERC-20 and BEP-20 compatible versions respectively which are tied to ZETRIX 1:1.</p></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Blockchain Address</td><td>Available via <a href="https://swap.zetrix.com/">https://swap.zetrix.com/</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Coin Ticker</td><td>ZETRIX (Zetrix Coin)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Coin Supply</td><td>1.0 billion in total for pre-mined genesis block<br><br>Concensus: Initial reward block rate of 44 ZETRIX per 10s if non-empty block or per 60s if empty block. This reward block rate halves every 4 years from the inception of the network</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Hard Cap</td><td>2.1 billion ZETRIX for block lifetime</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Deployment Status</td><td>ZETRIX coin is successfully deployed</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Placement Information</strong></td><td>Base Price</td><td>1 ZETRIX = US$5.00</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Pricing Basis</td><td>Fixed price at launch (open offer)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Minimum Subscription</td><td>1,000 ZETRIX (Public) <br>100,000 ZETRIX (Private)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Public Round (Offer Period)</td><td>To be announced via public channels</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Private Round</td><td>Please request for the Confidential Information Memorandum</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Currencies Accepted</td><td><p>Bitcoin (BTC)</p><p>Ethereum (ETH) </p><p>Tether Dollar (USDT)</p></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Transaction Fees</td><td>No booking, subscription, and conversion fees. The subscriber bears the necessary gas fees for placement and transfer.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Trading Venues</td><td>To be announced in due course</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Potential Adjustment Event(s)</td><td>If during the tenure of this subscription there are event(s) that has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the ZETRIX Coins or reference asset, the issuer shall be entitled to determine adjustments provided that the issuer does so in good faith, acts in a commercially reasonable manner, and provides notification to the subscribers.</td></tr></tbody></table>

This is not an offer of securities as alerted in the Important Notices section. Therefore, and for the avoidance of doubt, the digital assets will be void of the following features:

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="211.33333333333331"></th><th width="209"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Investment Features</strong></td><td>Fixed Coupon</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Payout Interval</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Payout Currency</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Collateral</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Tenure</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Maturity Date</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Valuation Date</td><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Stablecoin Features</strong></td><td>Face Value in Fiat</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Redeemed at Par</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reserve Asset</td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Open/Closed Loop</td><td>Closed — native ZETRIX coin can only be used on Zetrix network</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Acceptance Points</td><td>Nil — not accepted in merchant points of sale</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Statutory Insurance Protection</strong></td><td></td><td>Nil</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Investors Compensation Fund</strong></td><td></td><td>Nil</td></tr></tbody></table>

